say what?
Dare you say that it is not good to pass down the family? Not as good as who?
These guarantees, every guarantee is worth a guarantee
You stinky Baoan opens your mouth and talks trash
I think you came here to make me stink on purpose.
God, please avoid your sin. Don't go to your daughter here.
Tell me, God has created eight major families. I am really wonderful.
What are you doing? This is garbage.
Look at that, no rotor
Don't shut up. This is us taking care of the family while we eat.
The value is uncertain. There is no Hong Kong version that has been handed down to this day.
If you catch a giant purple, gold, and jade baby, let’s catch it
That's what you're having fun with today
Do you think our family has forgotten its talent and is just learning to play?
are you okay
It’s really like three
It's better to forget your talents and make fun of you.
You are so brave
You talk about building a home today
A ship price castle worth 500 million
Why don't you play with Jiangkou?
This is how to fix the wrong call price
You really don't take us seriously
You also broke up today
Don't you say that Zhuangyi of yours?
Just align this electron below
As a test, you can do it by hand.
Such a treasure
In fact, you announced
Didn’t you say you gave it to me?
Why can't you match me?
These treasures
They are all from my father’s master’s house
Then your words
The native language of this group is Ruyi
It’s treasure-making in the form of valuable objects
what are you
Go to Denso with him
Is there any solution? Can you find it if you have electricity?
This pile is torn on one side
I just think he has some use
Look at his shape
Fewer rules
It’s okay to have more
Just give your bed to that bastard.
This stinky treasure house
You are as crazy as death
What if I wasn’t my daughter of life and death today?
How about Jiangcheng cheese for my family?
Yes, say it
Belongs to the Death Machine Palace
It’s not just me leading the family
He belongs to me, Jiangcheng
So the status of killing and preserving noble status
How should you deal with it
You, a small treasure house, came here to cause trouble.
Still speechless
It's really a big deal
Will it cause trouble for you if I wait for the medicine?
I'm afraid Jiangcheng
Do you think that I will become a noble person?
I suggest interrupting the hand to get the prize pin out, the player leader. This is a replay of the player leader.
Who am I willing to be?
Dare to fight my security concerns